Add copy() method to ndarray (#1497)
pyccel/pyccel: docs/numpy-functions.md

    -   `empty`, `full`, `ones`, `zeros`, `array`, `arange` (`like` parameter is not supported).
    -   `empty_like`, `full_like`, `zeros_like`, and `ones_like` (`subok` parameter is not supported).

>     -   `array` (`copy`, `subok`, and `like` parameter is not supported).

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
    -   `array` (`copy`, `subok`, and `like` parameters are not supported).
```
